this is Nick from next guitar videos and
you're watching ericsurf6
we go we're cooking bacon more bacon can
you smell the bacon
welcome to Eric meal time today I'm
going to be building a sandwich I'm
going to try to do this in real time so
let's get started here we go some nice
bread bit of mayonnaise on the bread
okay I like to put a little bit of
seasoning salt and pepper right on the
bottom there next moving on this is a
BLT so the main ingredient right here is
this this is an epic Meal Time bacon
weave it's a double 16 pieces worth of
bacon
just going to dump back right on top
there that took a bit of preparation all
right so that's that we're going to top
that with a little bit of ham just a
little bit of ham I've got left over
here couple pieces okay so we've got the
bacon we got the ham then we're going to
go for some tomatoes for massive
tomatoes here a little bit of pepper on
them okay a little bit more pepper
seasoning salt
okay now the avocados skip the avocados
on here
couple on each side
Express sandwich-making here yeah that's
right Eric meal times we've got that
we're going to top with some cheese have
some cheese and cheese slices that right
on top
these are sticking together a little bit
sticking together that's not good
sticking together it's all right it'll
come out just as well so you got your
cheese slices on there you got to put
some lettuce on top of that okay about
that much more
got lettuce there and a little bit more
mayonnaise on the top of that okay the
more the seasoning salt pepper and on
top goes red
that's the sandwich right there
alright let's eat this thing the BLT
Eric meal time here we go oh oh man it's
not bad
gum but somewhat of minute
all right round two get in there smart
round three and I forgot what was the
purpose of this video again round four
round five less than a handful left Oh
[Music]
Oh
this video was a bad idea what was I
thinking hmm there you go Eric meal time
the BLT thanks for watching ah I don't
think I'll do another one of these